generate-og-image/PREINSTALL.md, before:

Use this extension to dynamically generate fully customizable social media images for your website.

When triggered by an HTTP request, this extension:

- Finds the target template in the provided Firestore collection
- Processes the template with the provided query parameters
- Generates an image from the processed template
- Returns the generated image as a response

#### Billing

This extension uses other Firebase or Google Cloud Platform services which may have associated charges:

- Cloud Functions (Node.js 10+ runtime. [See FAQs](https://firebase.google.com/support/faq#extensions-pricing))

When you use Firebase Extensions, you're only charged for the underlying resources that you use. A paid-tier billing plan is only required if the extension uses a service that requires a paid-tier plan, for example calling to a Google Cloud Platform API or making outbound network requests to non-Google services. All Firebase services offer a free tier of usage. [Learn more about Firebase billing.](https://firebase.google.com/pricing)

Commit message:

docs(generate-og-image): add additional setup to the PREINSTALL

generate-og-image/PREINSTALL.md, after:

Use this extension to dynamically generate fully customizable social media images for your website.

When triggered by an HTTP request, this extension:

- Finds the target template in the provided Firestore collection
- Processes the template with the provided query parameters
- Generates an image from the processed template
- Returns the generated image as a response

#### Additional setup

Before installing this extension, make sure that you've [set up a Cloud Firestore database](https://firebase.google.com/docs/firestore/quickstart) in your Firebase project.

#### Billing

This extension uses other Firebase or Google Cloud Platform services which may have associated charges:

- Cloud Functions (Node.js 10+ runtime. [See FAQs](https://firebase.google.com/support/faq#extensions-pricing))

When you use Firebase Extensions, you're only charged for the underlying resources that you use. A paid-tier billing plan is only required if the extension uses a service that requires a paid-tier plan, for example calling to a Google Cloud Platform API or making outbound network requests to non-Google services. All Firebase services offer a free tier of usage. [Learn more about Firebase billing.](https://firebase.google.com/pricing)
